TODO - 1.23

x- Add the exact portion (in grams) to the foodEojis.js file as a 4th column and prepopulate the grams after the
    lookup completes but before the user presses the "Log this meal" button
x- Since all icons in place, treat first icon as 1st step but long pressing on the icon will bring up an additional
    popup screen with more details for a lookup choice. I want the second popup to be to display a table with
    the 1st selected icon at the top of a list with up to the top 7 choices (which should also be another variable to
    customize later) of more descriptions that should be used for search.  An example of this is if I long press
    on milk, a 2nd popup will show a selectable list of "Whole", "2%", "1%", "Skim", "Chocolate".  In this case
    if I select "Skim", both popups close and the lookup entry will search on "Milk, Skim". Once this choice is
    made, the 2nd popup is closed, then the 1st popup is closed and the selection from the 2nd popup is
    automatically looked up.  NOTE, The secondary text for each of the first food icons will be stored in an
    array of strings in the foodEmijis.js file on the same entries that the particular food icon is stored.  For
    now, the array of these strings to display in the secondary menu should be prepopulated with:
            { "Desc1", "Desc2", "Desc3", "Desc4", "Desc5", "Desc6", "Desc7" }
    I will hand edit all of these upon looking at the database as to what makes sense for each food icon.
x- For the secondary drop down, I can have a max of 7 entries right now.  What if I only have 2 entries and not 7? Can
        you get rid of any lines in the second drop down if the line is empty or missing?
x- There is a bug that IDK how to fiz: Right now for Grapes, if I select a "cup" of Grapes, I want it to
    display 152g (grams) but instead it calculates something much larger.  1 cup of grapes should equal 152 grams.
x- Need to incorporate a calendar into the screen so user could press a left arrow and go back a day. Pressing again
    the same left arrow would keep moving back 1 day for each press.  All food entries from the
    particular day would be shown below in chronological order for that day.
x- Under the calendar/Daily tally, I want you to keep the format of all the "Eaten Today" entries hidden and only
        show if the user presses a triangle next to the "Eaten Today" text.  When this is pressed, reverse the
        triangle (like a dropdown box does) and display a window with all the entries for today that fit on the
        screen.  If it fills the screen, then add a vertical bar to the right so the user can move this up and down
        and see all foods eaten.
- Hide the 2 download buttons (Export and History) behind a profile icon.  This profile icon should be in the top
    right corner of the screen.
- Come up with a way for the user to save a whole meal and reuse it with a click of an icon.  I think this would
    mean that we would need another icon group next to all the food group icons in the main window.  It should
    only be shown if this user made a meal. All meals are really multiple entries that contain the individual food
    entries for this meal.  I think this managing of the meals should be stored under the profile button.  There could
    be a small menu of different things to select like the export and "History" button that should be moved under here
    anyway.

TODO for 260723:
x- I want to use the Balance Scale Unicode Character ⚖️ (U+2696) as my favicon.ico
x- Allow for individual "Eaten Today" food items to be edited. ex: I want to change the rice portion from 1 cup to 200g. So,
    this will need to add an edit button to the existing icons on the right side of the food entry. Also make the spacing
    between each of the icons there tighter.
x- Modify the duplicate button under "Quick Recall" to copy to whatever day we are looking at that was selected in the
    date bar.
x- Change the version internally in the Recallorie.html so I can see in the browser debugger when a new version is
    read from the website and not just cached. Start incrementing this with every new Recallorie.html code generation
    starting with version 1.29 and then incrementing by .01 for each new version.
X- I want to be able to add bread to last Friday's breakfast, so will need to be able to add a new entry to a past day.
x- When editing the "Eaten Today" food entry, I need portion type change ability also.
x- Modify the code to display the version number at the bottom left on the screen.  It should be in the
    format: "Build v1.31 YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS"
x- Center the popups so that they look like they are not getting cut off.  The way they are now without the rounded
    edges at the bottom makes the user think that there is more that they need to scroll down but there is nothing
    else. So round the bottom edges and/or center the popup on the screen.
x- Add in logging for weight and Blood Pressure (and maybe a user defined "something" that they wish to track.
x- For all individual food items in the "Eaten Today" and "Quick Recall" dropdowns, I want these food listings to be
    the same. ie, Right now they display "48 Cal" in "Eaten Today" and "48 Cal/100g" in the "Quick Recall."  I also want
    to see these records contain the Protein, Carbs, and Fat. An example is Corn. Inside its record, it should
    read: at "Prot:3g,Carb:27g,Fat:17g" in the bottom right in small text (the same size as it has for the time and
    food source). I think the user may want to see which food item may have caused his total carb intake to be high.
x- I want to use the Balance Scale Unicode Character ⚖️ (U+2696) in the headers of "Eaten Today" and "Quick Recall"
    dropdowns.
x- Modify the code to protect the user from accidentally deleting the database.


TODO for 260724:
- When I requested: Modify the code to display the version number at the bottom left on the screen.  It should be in the
    format: "Build v1.31 YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS", I wanted the date and time in my current time zone, NOT the UTC time!
- Icon and section changes:
    x- For "Eaten Today", use icon: 😋	U+1F60B or  🍽️	U+1F37D
    x- For the existing section "Health Metrics", use this icon: ⚕️	U+2695
    x- Change the "Quick Recall" section to use 🎗️ U+1F397
    x- Add an "Exercise" section and use this: ⏱️ U+23F1 for its icon. Then add these 16 icons and entry names under
        this section:
            🏊	U+1F3CA	Swimming
            🚴	U+1F6B4	Cycling / Stationary Bike
            🏃	U+1F3C3	Running / Jogging / Cardio
            🚶	U+1F6B6	Walking / Hiking
            🚵	U+1F6B5	Mountain Biking / Trail cycling
            🤸	U+1F938	Gymnastics / Calisthenics
            🏋️	U+1F3CB	Weightlifting
            💪	U+1F4AA Strength training, Gym workout
            🚣	U+1F6A3 Rowing / BoatRowing machine
            🏄	U+1F3C4 Surfing
            ⛷️	U+26F7  Downhill Skiing
            🎿	U+1F3BF Cross-country Skiing, Nordic workout
            🏂	U+1F3C2 Snowboarding
            ⛸️	U+26F8Ice Ice Skating
            🥋	U+1F94B	Martial Arts /Judo, Karate, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Taekwondo
            🤼	U+1F93C	Wrestling
    x- Include a "Daily Notes" section with icon: 🗒️ U+1F4D2 . This will open with a small edit box so the user can
        type their notes or make quick additions they wanted to document.
x- There is still too much space between the Edit, Duplicate to today, & Delete buttons.

x- Be able to fully customize the "Eaten Today" and "Quick Recall" food entries. This should open the food entry to how
    it looked before adding it since I may want to see what the carbs ar for an oz or something like that includes
    changing what time the food was eaten and what portion was eaten.
x- In the food description when I type something and press the Enter key, it should automatically do the lookup and not
    wait until I press the "Lookup" button.
x- If I navigate to yesterday's date and lookup a food item to add, it should populate the date with yesterday's
    date at noon and not today's present date and time.
- When I do a lookup of a food item, I prefer to have a generic food entry that has a portion size of 1. and what the
    number of grams, oz, or whatever the portion size is to help describe the recommended portion. What I am also
    looking for here is to add to type of portions: each, slices, etc.
x- Under the "Quick Recall" section, only show the number of times the food entry has been used if it is > 1.
x- For the list of exercises, figure out how many calories are burned per hour.


- In manage meals, we should be choosing from all the foods from the chosen day in the main selector and not today.
- Make a new section to track Water usage. Use this for the section: Water Intake / Hydration, and use the
    icon: 💧 (U+1F4A1)
- Move the "Search saved items by" section to the top of the "Quick Recall" section (perhaps into its header).
- Make a list of the sections and put this list of these sections into the profile with switches to turn off and on
    each section. This would make it possible for someone who doesn't want to track their water intake to trun that
    section off. This list of sections should also be to move all the sections around below the "Lookup" button.
    This would make it easier to find the section you want to turn on or off while also letting the user display
    the order they would like to see their sections while not cluttering up the main screen with these choices.
- I want to remove the subtitle "Effortless Diet Memory" since I want to save the space (for when I view this
    webpage on an iphone or other mobile device).


FUTURE:
- Log weight.
- Log BP.
- Log exercise.
- I need to move the user (profile) onto a system where I can have multiple users.
- Be able to backup AND restore the user's data.
